# JunkBurner

Adress to the deployed app:
https://junkburner-mid.firebaseapp.com

Short description:
A user can compose a meal by searching the nutritionix database for different fast food objects. Users can specify the amount of each item eaten. RDI for kcal and different macronutrients will be compared to that of the meal. The app will suggest a complimentary training session that evens out the calories eaten. 

Example:
 - A user adds a Big Mac meal and gets suggested to walk for 1 hours and do aerobics for 1.5 hours. 

What has been done:
- We have created a skeleton for the project in Vue. It consists mostly of empty Vue components.
- We have made a home screen.
- We initiated Vuex store and the router

What is left to be done:
- Fill out the skeleton components
- Implement drag and drop for selecting and deleting meal items
- Implement the model.
  - Fix searching
  - Write functions to get relevant data from the Nutritionix API
  - Write workout generator

Description of files:
All files are WIP.

Footer: This is the footer of the app that’s displayed in all screens. 

Home: This is the first screen of the app where the user will login.

Start: This is the second screen of the app. The screen that the user will get to after logging in. It will contain options to create a new meal or to see user history of meals.

Settings: This should be a component that is reachable from all screens. It will hold data about the user preferences etc. and give ability to change these preferences.

Header: This is the header thats displayed in all screens.

Search: This component will be similar to the search view from the labs. The user will be able to search for food items here and add them to the meal.

MealOverview: This component will be used to display the meal that the user has picked out and data about the meal.

SearchScreen: This will be very similar to search component from the labs. It’s the combination of Search and MealOverview where they will alternate in being the sidebar.

Workout: This will display the workout generated by our algorithms.

Model: This is where the vuex store is located that organizes the different model modules.

Meal.js: This will store the state and functions related to the meal portion of the app.

Workout.js: This will store the state and functions related to the workout portion of the app.

